risk score copy improvement suggestions (#298)
yearn/yearn-devdocs: docs/resources/risks/risk-score.md

> # Risk Scores

Reviewer: I don't think this should be removed

Author: thanksss fixed

> Risk Scores

Author: ```suggestion
# Risk Scores
```

Yearn works with risk scores to quantify and assess the amount of risk of each strategy and vault. This document outlines how we measure risk vectors and use them to find the optimal balance of security and innovation.

* [**Strategy Risk Score**](#strategy-risk-score) defines each dimension of risk for a strategy and how we quantify them
* [**Vault Risk Score Proposal**](#vault-risk-score-proposal) aggregates all strategy scores for a vault, averaging by TVL **(this is in draft stage)**
* [**Overall Risk Score Proposal**](#overall-risk-score-proposal) aggregates strategy/vault scores into overall scores **(this is in draft stage)**

## Strategy Risk Score

> Risk for different strategies is quantified using an internal point system developed by yearn's strategy deployment process. The higher the risk score number, the more risky the strategy is. The risk assessment evaluates eight dimensions:

Reviewer 2: using a 1-5 point system

Author: ```suggestion
Risk for different strategies is quantified using an internal point system developed by yearn's strategy deployment process. The higher the risk score number, the more risky the strategy is. The risk assessment evaluates eight dimensions using a 1-5 point system:
```

> Risk for different strategies is quantified using an internal point system developed by yearn's strategy deployment process. The higher the risk score number, the more risky the strategy is. The risk assessment evaluates eight dimensions using a 1-5 point system:

Author: ```suggestion
Risk for different strategies is quantified using a 1-5 point system developed by yearn's strategy deployment process. The higher the risk score number, the more risky the strategy is. The risk assessment evaluates eight dimensions:
```

* [Testing Score](#testing-score)
* [TVL Impact](#tvl-impact)

> This risk framework is an ongoing process to ensure the security of yearn's strategies. Yearn recognized that, due to its unique approach to deploying strategies, it could not rely on a traditional waterfall process (heavy analysis and design, testing, multiple audits before release, etc.) to deploy contracts. Strategies are deployed and capped by their risk score. As we reduce the risk in any of the eight dimensions, the strategy can grow its TVL. This system allows yearn to compare the risk score of two strategies and prioritize risk mitigation and preventive actions, such as forming a committee to spread knowledge on the code, getting more audits, migrating current code to improved versions of the strategy, etc. 

Reviewer 2: the security of Yearn strategies.

Author: ```suggestion
This risk framework is an ongoing process to ensure the security of Yearn strategies. Yearn recognized that, due to its unique approach to deploying strategies, it could not rely on a traditional waterfall process (heavy analysis and design, testing, multiple audits before release, etc.) to deploy contracts. Strategies are deployed and capped by their risk score. As we reduce the risk in any of the eight dimensions, the strategy can grow its TVL. This system allows yearn to compare the risk score of two strategies and prioritize risk mitigation and preventive actions, such as forming a committee to spread knowledge on the code, getting more audits, migrating current code to improved versions of the strategy, etc. 
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>5</td>
   <td>Code is new and did not go to ape tax before going live on yearn.finance</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>4</td>
   <td>Code has been running for less than one month</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>3</td>
   <td>Code has been running between 1-4 months</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>2</td>
   <td>Code has been running for 4+ months</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>1</td>
   <td>Code has been running for 8+ months with no critical issues and no changes in code base</td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Protocol Safety

> Internal evaluation from yearn’s point-of-view of how resilient are the protocols that the strategy works with. It takes into account safety measures given the current DeFi security standards, based on our internal assessments and due diligence compared to the top projects in DeFI. This includes multisig health, decentralization, bounty programs, audits, etc. 

Reviewer 2: Protocol Safety evaluates the resilience of the protocol the strategy uses. It takes into account...

Author: ```suggestion
Protocol Safety evaluates the resilience of the protocol the strategy uses. It takes into account how resilient are the protocols that the strategy works with. It takes into account safety measures given the current DeFi security standards, based on our internal assessments and due diligence compared to the top projects in DeFI. This includes multisig health, decentralization, bounty programs, audits, etc. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
Protocol Safety evaluates the resilience of the protocol the strategy uses. It takes into account the safety measures given the current DeFi security standards, based on our internal assessments and due diligence compared to the top projects in DeFI. This includes multisig health, decentralization, bounty programs, audits, etc. 
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>4</td>
   <td>DD took place. Protocol contracts audited/verified. A multisig is required or contracts are upgradable. Multisig has a low threshold of signers. No bounty program.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>3</td>
   <td>DD took place. Protocol contracts are audited/verified by at least <strong>one reputable audit </strong>firm. A multisig with an appropriate threshold is required and/or contracts are immutable. Has a good bounty program.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>2</td>
   <td>DD took place. Protocol contracts are audited/verified by at least <strong>two reputable audit </strong>firms. A multisig with an appropriate threshold is required and/or contracts are immutable. Has a good bounty program.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>1</td>
   <td>Protocols involved in contracts are trusted blue chip protocols with a good track record of security. For example: Maker, Uniswap, Curve, AAVE, and Compound. These protocols meet all the criteria specified in item 2 and more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Team Knowledge

> Measures the amount of expertise on a strategy that is shared amongst Yearn contributors. How many contributors can manage the strategy and respond in an emergency? The less people who can manage and respond during an emergency the riskier the strategy assessment in this dimension:

Reviewer 2: The fewer people who can manage and respond...

Author: ```suggestion
Measures the amount of expertise on a strategy that is shared amongst Yearn contributors. How many contributors can manage the strategy and respond in an emergency? The fewer people who can manage and respond during an emergency the riskier the strategy assessment in this dimension:
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>1</td>
   <td>Over 90% coverage in testing. Second developer validated and added tests and also added new ones for uncovered cases while reviewing. You can pull the repository and the tests are currently passing</td>
  </tr>
</table>

### TVL Impact

> The TVL (total value locked) impact is a figure between 1 and 5, where 5 is the highest impact labeled “extreme” (above 100MM) and 1 is the lowest impact in TVL less than 1MM. This metric measures how to allocate to new riskier strategies without having a catastrophic event in case of a hack or issue. The lower the impact, the more likely yearn’s treasury can recover from an incident. The TVL is measured in USD and grows dynamically based on strategies allocations onchain. Through [yearn.watch](https://yearn.watch/), we keep track of the TVL and risk score to make fund allocation decisions and mitigations if a strategy group has fallen into the “red” high-risk zone:

Reviewer 2: why do we explain the 1-5 here, but not in the others?

Author: ```suggestion
The TVL (total value locked) metric measures how to allocate to new riskier strategies without having a catastrophic event in case of a hack or issue. The lower the impact, the more likely yearn’s treasury can recover from an incident. The TVL is measured in USD and grows dynamically based on strategies allocations onchain. Through [yearn.watch](https://yearn.watch/), we keep track of the TVL and risk score to make fund allocation decisions and mitigations if a strategy group has fallen into the “red” high-risk zone:
```
